Standardize DSL code naming convention (#1521)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/rich-pugs-pay.md

---
'@finos/legend-graph': major
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE:** Rename FlataData store plugins and presets to use prefix `STO_FlatData` instead of `StoreFlatData`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE:** Renamed `FlataData store` plugins and presets to use the prefix `STO_FlatData` instead of `StoreFlatData`
```
